good afternoon everyone and welcome back
to blood-borne on the ps4 as usual my
name is Michael aizen's the gadget
addict and we are back on the post
commentary here for the vicar Amelia
boss fight now this was about the fifth
attempt for me to take down Amelia I
tried several I've tried one with a
summoner thirst just from my time
cathedral ward then I tried several Sulu
attempts and couldn't really make well I
gotta close a couple of times but then i
ended up losing my temper and I someone
somebody else yeah um fortunately there
was a nice big pot of em what do you
call them blow Decker was to play with
once we finish this fight but anyway
i'll try and give some a bit of analysis
on I here now she isn't she's very fast
she reminds me a lot of she's like a
weird twisted out dog slush wolf anyway
and the big mistake I made here at first
was locking onto her because you
shouldn't lock onto because she'll catch
you like that you need to be fully aware
of where you are and where she is at all
times she's very wide reach in a very
quick move set she is slightly weak
against fire as you can see my
compatriots here tucking it we take off
the log on and use attack and I when
she's charging up like Thatcher's
preparing to heal herself so you want to
get in and get a couple of ones in there
a distractor AC she goes which is like
lights up if you don't give it the time
to heal up she'll eventually just stop
flashing and she won't heal but if you
just leave it like when she does that
you you go and heal yourself there's a
very good chance that she
hood being the operative word heelys off
now winches down like this I was at the
wrong end of her for this but I managed
to get a score in a critic of heavy
attack anyway but when she's down like
that which is kneeling on the floor you
all you need to do is get around the
front Denver and you can score of this
oral hit on ahead a bit like you can
with the cleric least she also has a
couple of attacks that I don't think you
see in this video yeah look what's this
boom haha there we go the 379 damage I
did on earlier which is fantastic err
you don't see it in this video but she
has a move now you want to look for both
forearms she makes two fists and raise
them although our head smashes down on
the ground and she let others like
shockwave what comes up that's what in
blast video killed I think he'll make
not this one this one that just a wild
smash down but it's when both fists come
down it's an attack ii you can dodge it
but you can't certainly could unlikely
to survive it if it catches your head on
there's a hell of a lot of damage as she
doesn't matter but I was just a saying I
was playing a cautious i had my buddy
with us would take interns just to wail
on us or when I was healing he was going
in taking the damage when he was healing
i was born in attacking a bit just using
the charged of attacks just to try and
keep her down and unusually enough this
is actually quite a long boss battle for
a sores or mears at the game because
she's got quite high physical resistance
I mean Omni
go set of the 20 strengths at this point
and a plus for soft air sauce beer and
I'm not doing a huge ahmet damage to it
on e even if i'm doing the air the
charge tax we're not doing a vast amount
of damage so beware of everywhere else
but you can't actually if he knew it was
like a leg now a really bloody if you
keep attacking the same point you can
break the leg there you go is just
broken Iran webzen structure which is
then when she tries to go into the
healing animation but there we go she's
actually down now and that's good that's
pretty much it you just want to get in
there get to the side of it get
attacking air when she does the
scratching of legs backwards thing you
want to get out the way that because no
matter wait you're standing around her
unless you directly behind the you gonna
take damage regardless so but yeah
that's the fight so now when you kill a
you get her a gold necklace there
retrieve my blood echoes which was
something like thirty five thousand a
big story point here I want to show up
while you have a listen to this dialogue
pastor William I've come to bid you
farewell
you think now to betray me now but you
will never listen I tell you I will not
forget our adage
we are born of the blood may men by the
time I'm done
our eyes are yet to open fear the old
blood I must take my leave
I period
there we go so now to me I've dug too
deep into that but what I would say to
me is that those guys were in the
healing church and the healing church
were big on pull administration as has
been said in other dialogue in the past
now they are the ones who held the key
to the blood arts you know they knew how
to do what they do with blood to make
creatures beasts make men stronger that
kind of thing and well that's what that
whole sequence says to me is that there
is a corruption the blood hence bubble
and there's a crush on the body must
fear the old blood as in they've made a
mistake and they've realized it and
things are going badly for everybody so
but I'm gonna dig into that I do plan on
doing a little bit of a loss series
later once i finish the game and all the
full story and i can dig around a bit
and see what the community comes up with
so but i hope you've enjoyed this i hope
this is giving you if you're struggling
with vicar Amelia I hope this has given
you a bit of an insight into how I beat
her corpse always good way to do things
oh no I wasn't ice rink that was at 19
and coops a good way to do things
especially if you are struggling but
trust me believe me I tried many times
on my own to do it and it didn't work so
after if you enjoyed this please do
leave a like and subscribe and come back
soon for more from blood-borne Bernardo
goodnight